adapt docs to ocis helm chart 0.2.0 (#434)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc

ifdef::use_tab_2[]
| {helm_tab_2_tab_text}
| 3.0.0-alpha
endif::[]

ifdef::use_tab_3[]
| {helm_tab_3_tab_text}
| 2.0.0
endif::[]
|===

=== Breaking Changes

////
* On each Helm Chart release, only the breaking-changes.adoc file MUST be maintained.
* We can of course also state that one tab has no breaking change but in this case, this needs manual maintenance on each new version in this document too.
////

> Breaking changes are only published for Helm Chart versions that got released. Select from the tabs possible breaking changes between Helm Chart versions. A new document will open containing all the details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breaking changes are only published for Helm Chart versions that have been released. Select from the tabs possible breaking changes between Helm Chart versions. A new document containing all the details will open.
```
